Pd 773 document webshell removal (#2317)
truenas/documentation: content/CORE/CORETutorials/Tasks/CreatingInitShutdownScripts.md

{{< expand "Can I use a path for the Command?" "v" >}}
You can also include the full path to a command in the entry.
Scheduled commands must be in the default path.

> You can test the path with `which {COMMAND}` in the shell.

Author: In this case, it is the actual command you are inspecting, ie
![image](https://github.com/truenas/documentation/assets/133042991/14649ae7-b9fb-4e76-9c76-b28839b096dd)

Maybe:
```suggestion
You can find the path to a command by entering <code>which <em>COMMAND</em></code> in the shell, where *COMMAND* is the command you want to locate.
```
